Document how to build the docs (#863)
openforcefield/openff-toolkit: docs/developing.rst

.. TODO : fill in the modular components below

    ParameterType

    ToolkitRegistry
        ``ToolkitRegistry.from_object``  / ``ToolkitRegistry.from_smiles`` / ``OpenEyeToolkitWrapper.from_openeye`` / ``RDKitToolkitWrapper.from_rdkit``
        - These methods are a bit strange because they are effectively classmethods for ``FrozenMolecule`` and ``Molecule`` subclasses.

>           In `PR #583 <https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-toolkit/pull/583>`_, jaimergp raised a concern that effectively boils down to "if I subclass ``Molecule`` into a new class, ``MyMol``, then I expect ``MyMol.from_rdkit`` to return an instance of ``MyMol``, not ``Molecule``.

Reviewer: I know this is ugly/comment-ish, but we should keep it visible in the compiled docs (since it's a source of very unexpected behavior due to our architecture choices)

Author: Done in 87c04bc

.. code-block:: shell

    # Create a conda environment with the Open Force Field toolkit and its dependencies
    conda create --name openff-dev -c conda-forge -c openeye openff-toolkit openeye-toolkits
    conda activate openff-dev
    # Remove (only) the toolkit and replace it with a local install
    conda remove --force openff-toolkit
    git clone https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-toolkit
    cd openff-toolkit
    pip install -e .

3. Obtain and store Open Eye license somewhere like ``~/.oe_license.txt``.
   Optionally store the path in environmental variable ``OE_LICENSE``, i.e. using a command like ``echo
   "export OE_LICENSE=/Users/yournamehere/.oe_license.txt" >> ~/.bashrc``

Building the Docs
'''''''''''''''''

The documentation is composed of two parts, a hand-written user guide and an auto-generated API
documentation.
Both are compiled by Sphinx, and can be automatically served and regenerated on changes with sphinx-autobuild.

> Documentation for released versions is available at `ReadTheDocs <https://open-forcefield-toolkit.readthedocs.io/en/0.9.0/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for released versions is available at `ReadTheDocs <https://open-forcefield-toolkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.
```

Author: Fixed

ReadTheDocs also builds the documentation for each Pull Request opened on GitHub and keeps the output for 90 days.

.. code-block:: shell

    # Add the documentation requirements to your Conda environment
    conda env update --name openff-dev --file docs/environment.yml

    # Build the documentation
    conda activate openff-dev
    make html

    # Host the docs on a local HTTP server and rebuild when a source file is changed
    # Works best when the docs have already been built
    conda activate openff-dev

>     sphinx-autobuild docs docs/_build/html --watch openff

Reviewer: Installing/updating from the above environment.yaml doesn't give me sphinx-autobuild

Author: Added a line to the instructions to install sphinx-autobuild. Thanks!
